Guava is the digital banking and networking platform designed by and for Black small business owners.Become a Guava member today!

Are you looking for free resources to help grow your business? Look no further! Click here to access our exclusive collection of business resources that will take your company to the next level.

A digital banking platform with free financial tools for your small business

Easy & Accessible

Create your business checking account for free in minutes with instant access to a virtual debit card.

Mobile First

Pay bills, transfer funds, check your balance, and more -- anytime, anywhere from our app.

Track & Grow

Easily track and manage your cash flow as you grow your business.

Seamless Connections

Easily connect your business checking account to Venmo, Etsy, Shopify, Stripe, and more.

Digital Wallets

Connect your Guava virtual card to Apple Wallet or Google Pay for secure, easy, and quick contactless payments.

One Click to Export Transactions

Export your transaction activity into a CSV file for easy uploading to reconciliation tools.

AS SEEN IN

Built for community.

We're not just a banking platform. We're a trusted network of peers and experts here to help you thrive. Join other Guava members and feel seen, supported, and celebrated on your entrepreneurship journey.

Connect

Instant access to our community of Black small business owners

Nationwide ATMs

Get access to thousands of in-network ATMs nationwide

No Hidden Fees

No minimum balance is required, ever

Smart Spend

Make smarter spending decisions and maximize your spending potential

"Guava isn’t just a banking platform, it’s a community. And that is what drove me to choose Guava over any other bank when it came to my small, black-owned business. The amount of resources and networking possibilities are endless. I truly feel as though Guava and the other banking members truly care about my business and want to see me succeed."

- Resources
- Company
- Card Holder AgreementPrivacy PolicyDisclosures
- About
- Terms of Use

